### Environment

The tasks are evaluated automatically using the
[ReCodEx Code Examiner](https://recodex.mff.cuni.cz/).

The evaluation is performed using Python 3.11, PyTorch, Python Image
Models, HF Transformers, and Gymnasium. You should
[install the exact version of these packages yourselves](#faq_install).

### Teamwork

Solving assignments in teams (of size at most 3) is encouraged, but **everyone has to
participate** (it is forbidden not to work on an assignment and then submit
a solution created by other team members). All members of the team
**must** submit in ReCodEx **individually**, but can have exactly the same
sources/models/results. **Each such solution must explicitly list all
members of the team to allow plagiarism detection using
[this template](https://github.com/ufal/npfl138/tree/master/labs/team_description.py).**

### No Cheating

Cheating is **strictly prohibited** and any student found cheating will be punished.
The punishment can involve failing the whole course, or, in grave cases, being
expelled from the faculty. While discussing assignments with any classmate is fine,
each team must complete the assignments **themselves**, without using code they did not
write (unless explicitly allowed). Of course, inside a team you are allowed to
share code and submit identical solutions. Note that **all students involved**
in cheating will be punished, so if you share your source code with a friend,
both you and your friend will be punished. That also means that you should **never
publish** your solutions.

### AI Assistance when Solving Assignments

Relying blindly on AI during learning seems to have
[negative¹](https://arxiv.org/abs/2601.20245)
[effect²](https://doi.org/10.1016/S2468-1253(25)00133-5) on skill acquisition.
Therefore, you are **not allowed** to directly copy the assignment descriptions
to GenAI and you are **not allowed** to directly use or copy-paste source code
generated by GenAI. However, discussing your manually written code with GenAI is
fine.
